Let's eat baeksuk for dinner.
(Sung Kyu is excited to eat baeksuk.)
(A Korean chicken from Gangwon Province)
That looks so good.
(Gyeong Gyu, the master of chicken, said he'd cook.)
(He was touched and anticipating.)
(But Sung Kyu is washing the rice.)
- Am I doing it correctly? - What?
(Will Sung Kyu be cooking again?)
(Gyeong Gyu is scanning the fridge.)
(Let me see.)
(When Sung Kyu leaves the kitchen for a while, )
(Gyeong Gyu is trying to make good on his promise and cook.)
(They are on watch to see if Sung Kyu is coming back.)
(So far, there's no sign of him.)
(He busily moves his hands...)
(to clean the abalones.)
(He cleans the pine mushroom with his fancy knife skills.)
(Before he puts it on the table, )
(he checks how fresh it is himself.)
(It's decent enough.)
(He takes another bite since it's delicious.)
(His healthy teeth and the mushroom make a lilting sound.)
(All right. This is excellent.)
(Sung Kyu comes back to help.)
- What should I do? - There's nothing for you to do.
- Really? - Yes.
Hey.
Should I take out the chicken?
- Pardon? - Should I take out the chicken?
- The chicken? - Yes, that's the last step.
(Because of Sung Kyu, who can't stop himself from helping, )
(there's no time for him to waste.)
(The way he washes the garlics displays how experienced he is.)
(Sung Kyu is still trying to understand what's going on.)
(He puts the garlics he washed into the pot.)
(Without any fancy trick, he throws them into the pot.)
Let's just do this.
(Sung Kyu takes out the chicken.)
(Gyeong Gyu intercepts it and washes it.)
(There is no delay in the speed he takes care of things.)
(There is literally nothing for me to do.)
You saw the abalones, right?
Yes, the abalones.
(How did he find these?)
My gosh, this is the best.
All we need to do is wait for it to boil.
(Is he going to cook chicken baeksuk with abalones?)
With the abalones?
Sorry? Wait, no. Don't put them in yet because...
we need to boil this for 20 minutes, and they are going to get mushy.
(I can't just stand here and watch.)
(It's a moment the "Gyu" Brothers come together.)
Don't you think it's going to be too much?
That's good. That's enough.
(The chicken is ready to be cooked.)
Let's wait now.
(After watching Gyeong Gyu cook without hesitation...)
Give it 20 minutes.
- 20 minutes? Why am I so hungry? - What did you say?
- I did nothing, but I'm hungry. - Is that so?
- You worked out. - Right. That must be it.
(Gyeong Gyu's chicken baeksuk is ready!)
It's 6:20pm.
We can have the baeksuk, and it will be all good then.
(They feel slightly bored while waiting.)
Gyeong Gyu, did you always want to become a comedian?
- No. - Was it a film director?
No, no. I wanted to become...
Was it a movie actor?
No. I wanted to be a theater actor.
(They have the spur-of-the-moment talk show while waiting.)
("My Unexpected Life")
Then did you act in theater before?
Yes.
I joined the troupe to become an actor.
At that time, we weren't supposed to speak with a dialect.
The intonation wasn't supposed to be different from the standard too.
So that's why...
(A guy from Busan was experiencing the limit of roles he could play.)
I joined the comedy circle rather coincidentally.
I partook in the Comedian Contest in my junior year of college.
- My friends encouraged me. - They did?
- They knew you were talented? - Yes.
What was the skit you did for the contest?
I can't talk about it because it's been so long.
Come on. We're just talking here.
You're not going to act out the skit anyway.
- Don't ask me to do the skit. - Pardon?
- I won't. - If you ask me to do the skit...
- I wouldn't dare to ask you. - Exactly.
What was it?
I spoke broken Chinese.
- Broken Chinese? - Yes.
I would make no sense while speaking Chinese.
- So did you pass? - Yes.
- Only eight of us were chosen. - You made the cut.
At that time...
How much was it? I think I received about 35 dollars.
- Come again? - 35 dollars.
- I won 35 dollars 30 years ago. - 35 dollars?
Is that a lot compared to the value nowadays?
How much was a bowl of jjajangmyeon at that time?
- It was 50 cents. - My gosh, then it was a lot.
It cost 50 cents then.
Right now, it's six dollars.
That's right.
Did you know how to speak Chinese? Or did you just say anything?
I did it for fun.
Don't dig too deep into this.
I'm just curious how it sounds like.
- Didn't I tell you? - I'm curious how it sounds.
Don't even ask me that.
I learned Chinese.
- No, no. - Hello.
"Hello"...
- I didn't use that kind of phrases. - Then what did you say?
I narrated for Chinese movies.
- You did the narration? - Yes.
But you still did a skit that was related to films back then.
I did a fake narration for a Chinese film.
(If so...)
Why don't you show me...
Stop it.
I'm just curious how it sounds.
When you watch Chinese films, they begin with narrations.
Like how?
It went something like that.
- Just like that? - Yes.
- You were 1 of the 8 finalists? - Yes.
I did it for three minutes.
- Three minutes? - But I did kung fu together.
- You did kung fu too? - Yes, I did it with kung fu.
How did you do kung fu?
- I did kung fu, you know? - Yes.
I became a comedian for speaking broken Chinese.
Back in the days, Chinese films were really popular.
- Hong Kong films. Crime dramas. - Yes, precisely.
So who was that? Jackie Chan.
Jackie Chan. Jet Li.
Yes, Jet Li was one of them. When he came to Korea,
he and I filmed a show together.
We filmed "Sunday Night" which is still airing until this day.
- "Sunday Night"? - I played Huang Feihong.
Did you wear the traditional Chinese clothes back then?
At that time, I wore the bald wig cap for Huang Feihong.
Gyeong Gyu.
(At that time, he owned every skit with Chinese influence.)
What is it?
Even Andy Lau starred on the show.
(His broken Chinese sounded like a native's.)
(The talk of his spirit)
There was a Chinese actress.
- Was she famous? Who was it? - Yes.
Her name was Brigitte Lin of "Swordsman II".
I know the film.
I also worked with her on a show once.
(Gyeong Gyu worked with famous Chinese actors and actresses.)
- Did you talk to them in Chinese? - At that time...
- I was faking it. - How...
What about your special eye skill?
I did that when I made my debut.
I did when I debuted.
- That's when you did it? - Yes, it was during my debut.
The one that went like this?
(He might have to roll his eyes.)
Then you were chosen in an audition, right?
- Me? - Yes.
Actually, I became a singer unconventionally.
I didn't pass any auditions, so I was working at a cafe.
The manager of the cafe asked his friend to introduce me...
to some people in the entertainment business...
because the manager knew I always went for auditions.
His friend asked me who my favorite singers were.
I said that I liked Nell.
And his friend told me that he was the agent for Nell.
At that time, he was a director although he's not anymore.
He asked me if I wanted to do an audition,
so I did have the audition.
Then I passed it.
What did you sing in your audition?
There's a song called "Yearning" by Nell.
The lyrics go like this.
(He starts singing right away.)
(It's a common thing to say, but I want to go back)
(His mellow voice flows right away without any hesitation.)
(He was going to make Sung Kyu fluster by asking him to sing.)
(This beautiful song went against his prediction.)
Only after I lost you
The song went like this. It's been a while since I sung it.
So when I was singing the song,
I thought I should sing an English song too.
- I had to pretend to be classy. - That's right.
That's true. You ought to.
I couldn't even sing English songs well,
but I sang a female singer's song after switching the key.
There's a song called "Love" by Keyshia Cole.
What was it?
It was like this.
(My gosh)
(Lilting)
I did a lot of tricks while singing it.
I pretended that the song was difficult to pull off.
(Sung Kyu already won over Gyeong Gyu's heart.)
I kept singing the song until they would have me.
(Singing)
When I sang like this, they seemed impressed.
They asked me to sing one more.
So I kept on singing.
Then the interviewers said it was enough.
I was asked if I knew how to dance.
So I told them that I loved dancing ever since I was a kid.
Aren't you a bad dancer though?
Yes, I am. I have poor physical coordination.
I knew it.
Actually, I get scared easily.
I'm not a great dancer,
but I practiced dancing every single day as if my life depended on it.
(He had a strong will back then.)
(Now, the master chef of chicken is living with him.)
Doesn't it smell different?
Doesn't it? Right?
Right.
- It smells different. - I see.
So this chicken is...
way bigger than other chickens.
- What? Of course. - This one is bigger.
This is no match. This is a whole new kind of chicken.
(Spring onions to remove bad smells)
I'm trying to get rid of bad smells from the chicken.
- With spring onions? - So I'm adding spring onions.
Should we put more? Or is it enough?
This is good. If you put a lot, it gets spicy.
(The chicken baeksuk is finished!)
(Gyeong Gyu cuts the chicken apart.)
(He takes apart a big drumstick.)
Gosh, it's hot.
(He gives it to Sung Kyu first.)
(Sung Kyu is moved by the way he takes care of him first.)
(He gives a lot of soup as well.)
Here's an abalone.
(He places the abalone as its topping.)
- Let's eat. Dig in. - Thank you for cooking.
Season it with salt.
My gosh, it really hits the spot.
(He mixes the salt just like Gyeong Gyu did.)
I guess they want to eat this.
(I really like chicken baeksuk too.)
(Gyeong Gyu is too busy enjoying the soup regardless of his dog.)
My gosh, it really hits the spot.
(He's impressed with his own cooking.)
My goodness, Sung Kyu. Hey.
(Let me try it too.)
I like the soup.
(The soup is okay.)
(They try it again.)
Isn't it nice?
When I only had the soup,
it tasted like the ordinary baeksuk.
No. No.
- No? - No.
- Is it different? - It's different.
Try the meat.
- The meat must be different. - It is different.
(It's chicken farmed in Gangwon Province.)
(He's excited.)
(What?)
Is it cooked?
It's cooked.
The meat is a little red.
(He tries everything...)
(to take the meat off the bone.)
I am not joking. It's really not coming off.
(It's very chewy.)
(There's no way.)
It's all cooked.
(It looks fine on the outside.)
(It is...)
(cooked!)
(It's not cooked, is it?)
(Of course it's cooked!)
Are you okay?
(It is cooked!)
Wait. Perhaps we will get food poisoning?
(To get rid of his suspicion, )
(Gyeong Gyu fights with slightly uncooked chicken.)
(He dismantles the leg.)
(At that rate, )
(he's going to lose all his teeth.)
(He struggles to chew.)
Are you all right?
(He's dizzy.)
I am not joking.
Why is it so tough?
It's very tough. I think it's not cooked.
- It's too tough. - Is it?
It's like chewing rubber.
(He said it's like rubber.)
I am not joking. It's really like chewing rubber.
What happened?
It's cooked.
(It looks cooked to only Gyeong Gyu.)
I drove three hours to buy this.
It's still red. You shouldn't eat it.
(Is it still red?)
Then let's boil it one more time.
(He pretends to be cool.)
Let's put it back.
It's just for the two of us anyway.
(They end up...)
(putting back the legs.)
- Is it not cooked? - It's not cooked at all.
I ate almost everything.
It's okay even if it's not cooked.
Some people eat it raw.
(They boil it again.)
(Since we're boiling it again...)
Should we put some more spring onions?
Okay. I will put them in.
(Sung Kyu becomes busy.)
It's delicious.
(Gyeong Gyu is enjoying his meal.)
(He adds green onions cut with scissors.)
(He looks at Gyeong Gyu.)
It's nice though.
(Their positions have been changed.)
(I thought you were going to do everything.)
Don't put too much spring onions.
Okay. I will put this much.
- Should we put some more water? - Yes. I will put more water.
(It means Sung Kyu should bring water.)
I think we need to cook it for two hours.
- No. No. - At least an hour.
That's not necessary.
The lady said...
I should cook it for 20 minutes.
I think that's if we're using a pressure cooker.
- I don't think so. - We had to use that.
(When he was getting the recipe from Gangwon Province, )
(he only remembered the 20-minute part.)
(She said he should cook it in a pressure cooker.)
- You cook it in a pressure cooker. - Garlic and...
But we cooked it in a normal pot.
(He made a fatal mistake.)
- Wait. - Wait.
When you bit into the meat,
it didn't taste like what you had...
- at the fishery, did it? - No.
(He admits it fast.)
(He suddenly confesses.)
It shocked me. I am sorry.
(It's all my fault.)
(He laughs out loud.)
I am sweating.
It really surprised me. The meat was like rubber.
- Right? - Yes.
I thought I was going to lose my teeth.
My gosh.
It was still red.
It surprised me.
(Thank goodness they cooked it again.)
Wasn't it still good though?
Wasn't it good?
Let's eat it again.
It's not good if you take a break and eat it again.
(He sighs.)
- What's this noise? - We nearly died.
What's this?
(30 minutes later)
Should we open it?
(They check the baeksuk.)
(It's boiling hard.)
Wasn't it like that?
It wasn't even boiling a while ago.
- Was it not bubbling? - No.
- It's much softer now. - Is it?
(Thankfully, it's well-cooked.)
Should we taste it now?
Let's try it.
(He's very excited.)
It looks amazing.
- The broth became richer. - Yes.
This is yours, right?
(They look for their legs.)
Mine is the one barely eaten. This is yours. You ate a lot.
(He gives Gyeong Gyu his leg.)
(Where is my leg?)
Where is yours?
It's here.
(However...)
Is this not mine?
(It's very thin.)
Wait.
You finished it.
(Sung Kyu nearly lost his chance of tasting the meat.)
How did I eat almost all the meat?
You ate all the meat.
(He pokes it.)
Right. It's cooked now.
The meat is soft now.
(It's well-cooked.)
(Gyeong Gyu's baeksuk is finally cooked.)
- Enjoy. - Enjoy.
(They resume their dinner.)
Let's try it.
(He slurps the soup.)
The soup is nice now.
This is good.
(Gyeong Gyu is satisfied too.)
Eat this part.
(Gyeong Gyu takes care of Sung Kyu.)
(Sung Kyu enjoys it this time.)
(It's delicious.)
(Gyeong Gyu cuts the meat for Sung Kyu.)
You need to try the meat as well.
- I don't have much experience. - That's why.
So I don't know the taste well.
Now you can eat it.
Dip it in the salt and try it.
(Come on.)
You have to say it's delicious.
Try it.
(He's thirsty for reaction.)
Is it good or bad? Taste it.
How is it?
(He reacts like a robot.)
(That's it.)
It's good, isn't it?
This chicken is...
(He's pretending to like the baeksuk.)
This is how it's supposed to taste.
(It's hard to react.)
(He eats loudly.)
It's delicious.
(This is the perfect example of how you should react.)
- Do you want some more? - No.
(He eats well.)
You should eat more. You don't have much meat.
I will give you my leg.
(Sung Kyu tries to give meat to Gyeong Gyu.)
It's fine.
It's all right.
(But it's really okay.)
(Have some more.)
Eat some rice too.
(He puts rice in the soup.)
It's nice.
(He's quiet.)
Say something.
It's good.
- When you eat as if it's good, - Yes.
it will taste more delicious. You can't complain.
(My goodness.)
It's delicious.
(Gyeong Gyu's acting makes Sung Kyu laugh.)
(He can't stop laughing.)
Next time, I will cook tteokguk for you.
I am sorry. I'll go fishing...
No. It's okay.
- The soup is good. - Right.
(We got what we want.)
Let's stop eating.
(He speaks his mind.)
(Sung Kyu didn't see it coming.)
Let's stop eating.
It was really good.
- Was it? - Thank you.
- Yes. Give me another chance. - You did fine.
- It's okay. - I will try one more time.
I am okay.
The fact that you cooked for me...
When will I experience this in my life?
You don't need to say anything.
- I... - No.
I was really touched today.
(He tries hard not to let another tragedy happen.)
It was really good.
- Eat this mushroom. - Thank you.
Your mom must be watching this, right?
My mom?
She must be really touched.
She must've been touched that you got...
the chicken for her son...
and cooked it for him.
She must be...
thrilled and moved.
(He says whatever he can think of.)
We can stay in Jeonju for 2 nights and 3 days.
Why would we?
I want to visit your house.
(I want to be your housemate again.)
(Sung Kyu didn't know until then.)
(He didn't know what result Gyeong Gyu's words would bring.)
I will go to Jeonju one day.
(It's an early morning...)
(at a train station.)
(Here comes Gyeong Gyu.)
(Is he not here yet?)
(He looks around.)
Sung Kyu.
It's...
I thought about what to do in Jeonju.
(Their trip to Jeonju came about because of Gyeong Gyu's promise.)
(With much anticipation, they leave for Jeonju.)
(Wanna One comes to My Unexpected Housemate.)
(The owner is sad because Wanna One is too popular.)
(Ong Niel Hwan are excited to get a housemate.)
(But it's difficult from the start.)
(Do they need to push each other?)
(It's not that.)
(They crave for home-cooked meal.)
(They are invited to the world of men.)
(It's time to listen to Jeong Soo and Joong Wan's terms.)
Why are there so many dishes?
But they are cleaner than his back.
(They play the ladder game.)
(Who will wash the dishes that are cleaner than Jeong Soo's back?)
(Daniel began the game.)
Like this?
(The result is...)
(Daniel has to wash the dishes.)
They all passed.
(It's Jae Hwan's turn.)
(Screaming)
(He has to...)
(scrub Jeong Soo's back.)
Seong Woo! Seong Woo!
I knew this would happen.
- Isn't this better than scrubbing? - Yes.
(They're happy that they don't have to scrub Jeong Soo's back.)
- Right. - This is better than scrubbing.
(Jeong Soo's soaking his body.)
(It's good.)
- I don't even scrub my dad's back. - Right.
I never had a chance to.
Where did you live in Busan?
Youngdo, Busan.
- What? Youngdo? - Yes.
- You have a successful life now. - I have.
- I'm from Gamcheon. - In Youngdo...
- Really? - Do you know Gamcheon?
Of course I do.
He's in the water to scrub his body.
What if he gets really big from soaking himself?
Like Captain America.
(He's transforming into Captain America.)
It's so funny that this is better than back scrubbing.
It's much better than that.
(They're glad that they get to wash the dishes.)
It's better than scrubbing.
(These two are enjoying washing the dishes.)
(He's tidy.)
(Kitchen is getting cleaned up.)
He's sound asleep.
Jae Hwan.
We have to wake him up.
- Seong Woo. - I should wake him up.
Seong Woo. Seong Woo.
Jae Hwan. Jae Hwan.
- You have to scrub his back now. - Okay.
Is he soaked?
Jae Hwan.
Yes. I'm coming.
(He rushes.)
- This is crazy. - It's hilarious.
- Your face is so red. - Really?
- Yes. Your face is so red. - It's so hot.
I should get soaked since you're going to scrub my back.
I feel dizzy, but I'm enduring it.
(He gets up.)
This will make your life easier.
- Now... - Is the position good?
- It's good. - It's good.
Oh, cold. Dip it in hot water.
That's so cold.
Dip it in hot water. That's so cold.
- Are they washing the dishes? - Yes. I think they're almost done.
Are you scrubbing? Why is it so small?
I can't believe Wanna One's scrubbing my back.
It's good...
Say it's good to keep a good relationship, okay?
(What a scene to watch.)
It looks like they're scrubbing a toad's back.
It looks like you're scrubbing a toad's back.
It's so nice.
- It's awesome. - I see dead skin.
- Do you? - Yes.
Hey. Dead skin is coming off.
(Jeong Soo's dead skin's coming off.)
It's so memorable that you're scrubbing me.
(Jeong Soo's living condition was to scrub his back.)
(Seong Woo and Jae Hwan...)
(enthusiastically scrubbed...)
(the single man, Jeong Soo's itchy back.)
Is it done? Did you get a lot?
- I think this is enough. - Yes.
- Is it enough? Is there a lot? - Yes.
Do we get to leave...
at dinner time?
Come on.
- Thank you. - Okay.
- All right. - Okay.
I didn't expect to see dead skin for real.
We got dead skin for real.
I really fell asleep before.
I even had a dream for a second.
(Grunting)
(He's acting cute.)
(Three people are lying down side by side.)
(They must've been very tired.)
(They fell asleep as soon as they lied down.)
(Landlord Jeong Soo gets ready to go out.)
(They planned to go outside together.)
(Joong Wan comes out of his room after taking a break.)
(They're sleeping so deeply.)
How should I wake them up?
(A large speaker is here.)
(What's he going to do with the speaker?)
Is it playing? Is it playing?
(A special wake up call)
(He's surprised.)
(He responds to the song instantly.)
He's not getting up.
(Jae Hwan's up, but not Daniel.)
Turn it louder.
(Not even this loud sound wakes him up.)
(He doesn't even move.)
(Even in screaming and dancing...)
(Even in a fierce support, )
(Daniel's world is silent.)
(He surely is a king of sleep.)
Wait.
(The props are upgraded.)
(I'm the hero of tonight)
Wake up.
(He moves along the rhythm as soon as he wakes up.)
(Dancing)
(He dances perfectly even though he's half asleep.)
[VIU Ver] E26 Outrageous Roommates
"A Night of Eating & Fun"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(They finish it perfectly.)
That was amazing.
(Waking up was like a war.)
(I had a good sleep.)
- Are you okay? - Do you want to go shopping?
- Yes. - Yes.
How about we go shopping?
That's about spending money.
Lately, I'm got interested in fashion.
- Who is? - Me.
I'm concerned with my look lately...
because I saw Jang Chen.
He was so hot.
I bought few clothes in his style.
Where are you going for shopping?
Mangwon-dong.
Oh, Mangwon-dong.
- Let's go. - Give me 10 dollars.
(Give me 10 dollars.)
Let's go. I'm sorry.
(The trio are in their room.)
Let me wear socks.
It's so dry.
(Rolling)
- Did you bring a lip balm? - Yes.
I brought one too.
I want to apply it too.
My lips get dry so fast because it's winter.
(My lips are precious.)
- It smells good. - I know.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
- We're going out. - Let's go.
I'll recommend a fashion style for Seong Woo,
Jae Hwan, and Daniel.
Guide Yook is great.
- "Guide Yook." - "Guide Yook."
- 6 guides. - 6 guides.
- I bought it at a cheap price. - It looks nice already.
They have nice clothes.
(It looks vintage from the entrance.)
It's vintage.
- Vintage. - Vintage.
Everything's so unique.
- Tell me about it. - This is awesome.
Look around and tell me if you find anything you like.
- I'll be the judge. - Okay.
There are so many nice clothes.
(Shopping after a long time...)
This is nice.
The jacket's really nice.
I like this one.
It's unique.
(Daniel's the first one to pick one.)
Sancho.
Hey. That's nice.
- It looks good on you. - Sancho.
(Guide Yook's first evaluation)
I want it. Let me try it on.
You have a good taste of clothes.
(He tries it on as he compliments.)
Sancho.
(Even though it's the same jacket, it looks very different.)
(Still, he can pull it off.)
(It looks good on him.)
Are you making fun of me?
- I like this one. - I do too.
Would you like to try this on?
Are you a fortune teller?
What do you mean?
(Let me try it on.)
- You have a character. - What?
- You have a character. - Where's the mirror?
Oh, the hat.
- I found a hat for this. - It's...
- This one. - No.
(Chuckling)
(Do I have a character?)
You remind me of her.
The pigeon lady from "Home Alone".
"Pigeon lady."
(Find the difference.)
Jae Hwan... I found one for Jae Hwan.
Since you're cute, something like this suits you.
- You think so? - Yes. Try it on.
- Hurry up. Try it on. - Okay.
Hey, Jae Hwan.
- To look cuter, go like this. - Yes.
Stand straight up.
(Cute roll up and a long muffler that is about his height)
(From his head to toe, it's all Guide Yook's work.)
Don't doubt it.
It's just not the style you're comfortable with.
- Really? - Yes. Don't doubt it. It's perfect.
- Really? - It's perfect.
- Seong Woo. - Yes.
Come here, Seong Woo.
- Wouldn't it look great on you? - It's good.
- Do you like it? - Yes.
- It's nice. - It's nice, isn't it?
(He already looks hot from behind.)
(It looks good on him.)
- Turn around. - That's nice.
It's nice in the back.
(It's full of swagger. Seong Woo looks hot.)
- Jeong Soo. - Yes.
How about we all wear vintage style like a uniform?
- That's a good idea. - That'd be nice.
He's out.
(Joong Wan looks better than expected.)
You look great.
It looks good on you.
- It looks good on you. - It looks good on you. Yes.
It's stylish when you don't take the tag off.
(Stylish... Cuteness...)
You're cute.
I found a jumpsuit.
(Daniel puts on a jumpsuit.)
Oh, that looks like an astronaut.
It looks good on you.
It's a good choice.
Browse around.
(When you tie the top around your waist...)
- Yes. - Yes.
- Fashion people. - Yes.
Oh, yes.
- We're stylish. - Yes.
(Where's Jeong Soo?)
(Someone kicks the door as he appears.)
Your pants are ripped.
Oh, Jeong Soo.
(He still has baby fat.)
(Toddling)
(Watch this.)
It's Deux. Do you know Deux?
I was called Seo Tae Soo. I danced in the past.
(The best dance duo, Deux in 1990s)
(Overalls were the fashion trend back then.)
(That's why we prepared this!)
It's so old-school.
Nice. It looks awesome.
(Excited)
(Seong Woo dances to the beat.)
It's so old-school. Oh, my.
(He instinctually picked up the old-school dance.)
Hey, are you going to keep on dancing? Keep it short.
- Why is your dance so cool? - Hey.
(Nobody expected him to shine through old-school dance.)
- He should've kept it short. - Oh, my.
He should've made it funny.
Exactly. Gosh, how are we going to dance after that?
- Hey, Jae Hwan. - I feel pressured to look cool.
- I'm thinking about what I... - You feel pressured?
(Dancing)
(Left to right)
These guys just don't keep it short.
(His repetitive dance is addictive.)
Sorry, I'm sorry.
(After that, )
(he smoothly exits the dance floor.)
- How much? - Oh, it's my turn now.
(Watch it, NASA.)
(Kang Daniel is here.)
(This one is making sound effects.)
(He's looking sexier than ever.)
(Mom, I want to go home.)
(His dance was sexy enough to seduce all planets in the universe.)
(All of them emulated Deux's dance perfectly.)
(Joong Wan hits the dance floor as "In Summer" starts playing.)
(Wriggling)
(What did I just see?)
(No one knows where he got these moves.)
(Is he angry or what?)
(He has a killer smile.)
You're the last one.
(Kids, let me show you how it should be done.)
(He starts dancing to the rhythm of the song, "As I Told You".)
- This reminds me of Firetruck. - Oh, my. Look at him.
- Firetruck. - It reminds me of their dance.
(His dance moves look ancient.)
My gosh, he's so cute.
(Let's go! "Top 10 Songs"!)
(His dance transports us to 1987, the year Firetruck debuted.)
(Respect)
(The housemates bonded over the overalls...)
(and their memories of Deux.)
(Ong is goofy but cool.)
(Niel is a glutton.)
(Hwan always laughs heartily.)
(And these two are just adults.)
(We're Ong Niel Hwan Yook Soo.)
When we put on those overalls together,
I felt like we were one.
It really felt like we're a team.
(After putting on the overalls, )
(they're headed somewhere together. Where are they going?)
Welcome to Mangwon Market.
- Mangwon Market. - Mangwon Market.
Let's go. We're at Mangwon Market.
I love this smell. All markets smell like this.
- This smell. It smells so good. - I love it.
- There are so many things to eat. - Of course.
(Why are they here?)
(Rose Motel)
- That hotteok looks so good. - Hey, look.
- Right here. - It's Joong Wan.
(Joong Wan's face is everywhere.)
Joong Wan, we see your face wherever we go.
Joong Wan, you're everywhere.
- Happy New Year. - Happy New Year.
- There's hotteok. - Happy New Year.
Shall we grill the meat or boil it?
- Well, shouldn't we use some fire? - Yes, I agree.
- Let's use some fire. - Yes, we should.
By the way, is there a place for us to sleep?
- Of course. - Really?
- He said that he knows a place. - That's right.
(One of his requirements was getting away from apartment complexes.)
(He wanted to go to either Gapyeong or Yangpyeong for fresh air.)
(I want to go there soon.)
- Meat. - Meat.
Meat.
- We had pork earlier. - I want beef.
(I want beef.)
- Let's get beef. - Okay.
- Get beef. - We'd like some beef.
My gosh, who said he wants to eat beef?
- Five of this? - No.
You also have pork belly, right?
- Thank you. - Happy New Year.
- Do we need any side dishes? - Shall we get kimchi?
Then, let's get kimchi. Buy this one and...
I'm also getting ssamjang and chojang.
- Chips. - Goodness.
(Alcohol is a must.)
- Five guys are going on a trip. - It's nice.
Are we going to Gapyeong?
Yes, that's where we're headed.
I saw photos of the place,
and it's very romantic.
(Excited)
I heard that there's a sledding slope in Gapyeong.
Really? Then we should check it out tomorrow.
- Shall we go there tomorrow? - What's in Gapyeong?
A sledding slope.
I didn't get a chance to go.
- You've never done it? - I couldn't this year.
Is that right? Then you can do it there.
Oh, shall we listen to Jeong Soo's song?
- Good idea. - I'd love to.
- My song? - Yes.
(He released "You're the Boss" with Kim Sook in 2016.)
What is the matter with you? Goodness.
(Seong Woo is today's DJ.)
(Among so many people in the whole wide world)
(We'll make your song...)
(sound even more fun.)
(The trot song is making the 2 old guys dance.)
(Immersed)
Kim Sook.
(Because it's you)
Because it's you
(The next song is "Energetic" by Wanna One.)
[VIU Ver] E26 Outrageous Roommates
"A Night of Eating & Fun"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(We get to hear Ong Niel Hwan singing live.)
Amazing.
I can't stop
Can't, can't, can't
(Jeong Soo is so excited.)
It was you, Ong!
(Proud)
Wow!
Gosh, this is so nice.
(Silent)
Daniel, which part did you sing?
- You have to wait a bit. - You'll hear his rap soon.
- We'll wait. - You have to wait a little while.
- We'll wait for you, Daniel. - That's so funny.
It's coming. Here we go!
(Tell me how you feel)
(It's finally my part.)
(While they're having fun, )
(they go further into the forest.)
Oh, gosh. I just saw a deer.
(The deer crossed the road so quickly.)
- Where? - It just passed by right there.
- What passed by? - Just now.
- Right in front of our car. - You saw an animal?
- A deer just walked by? - Seriously?
It was probably an elk, not a deer.
- It walked like this. - Oh, my.
I wanted to show you guys nature, you know.
- It's like being on safari. - I didn't see it.
Does that mean we came too far?
Hey, I think we're almost at the demarcation line.
Are you trying to take Korean top celebrities to the North?
(Are you taking Wanna One to North Korea?)
They'll stop our car and go, "Come out."
- You're good at so many things. - You can even imitate their accent.
Why were you so quiet earlier?
I wanted to joke around, but I wasn't sure if it'd be okay.
Why not? Just do it.
(Then, shall I do it too?)
You punk, you never misbehave yourself like this.
(Cracking up)
- What did you say? Do it again. - What was that about?
(He did an impression of a character in "The Outlaws".)
You punk, you never misbehave yourself like this.
(Seong Woo sounds exactly like him.)
Why did you do an impression of a character that nobody imitates?
(Seong Woo has a rare talent.)
My gosh, the moon looks so beautiful.
We're here.
(They've arrived at the resort in Gapyeong.)
I'm so excited.
A bit of snow has piled up.
My gosh, it's beautiful. Look at the snow.
- Just look at that. - I know.
- Look to your left. - Oh, my.
(Marveling)
- Isn't it so picturesque? - My gosh!
Thank you.
You thought it was that place, right?
- It's over there. - Seriously?
- Sorry? - Are you serious?
It's not a resort though.
It's an abandoned school.
(This abandoned school might give you nightmares.)
(Give me my slippers!)
(Resentment)
(In denial)
(They run away.)
- Get in the car! Hurry up. - Guys, come back.
- Get in the car. - Hurry.
(They're not ready to accept their reality.)
- Are we really sleeping here? - Yes, we are.
- You're kidding, right? - We'll hang out here...
and sleep there, right?
I saw some photos, and it's such a cute place.
I'm serious. You guys will love it.
- Is this for real? - Jeong Soo, you'll love it.
Why are you doing this to us?
(They're still in denial.)
I really wanted to run away.
He said that it really is an abandoned school.
I wondered if we'd be able...
to sleep there and how cold it'd be inside. I was very worried.
Gosh, I'm anxious now.
Just go in and take a look.
- No way. - Isn't it kind of quaint?
- Oh, what is this? - Why?
Doesn't it feel like you're visiting your grandma?
(Well, that's a bonus.)
(They muster up the courage to open the door.)
Ta-da.
(It's sort of cute and quaint inside.)
(Surprised)
Gosh, this is perfect.
(Relieved)
- Yes, bring that. - It's warm.
- It's perfect. - Gosh, I...
It's really perfect.
But I still don't think I'll be able to go to the bathroom alone.
(They can definitely relate to what Jae Hwan said.)
What's up with your faces? Why does everyone look so...
I'm too happy right now.
How about we reminisce the old days?
Writing on the blackboard will send us on a trip down the memory lane.
No, I don't want to.
(They need some time to accept their reality.)
Since we're hungry, how about we eat some sweet and sour chicken?
- Let's just snack on it. - Sweet and sour chicken.
We shouldn't eat too much now.
It's from Mangwon Market.
(Oh, my.)
- It looks so good. - It's mouthwatering.
- It looks really tasty. - It looks so good.
Shall we play rock-paper-scissors and only have the winner eat it?
- Great idea. I'm in. - You want to do it?
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Jae Hwan and Joong Wan won.)
(Screaming)
Rock... Rock-paper-scissors!
(Jae Hwan is the winner.)
- I want to eat this. - You'll eat that piece?
- This is too cruel. - Seriously.
- How is it? - It's unbelievable.
- Unbelievably good? - Is it good?
- It's amazing. - Isn't it delicious?
It's really good.
- You should... - I can't take this.
- Hey. - You can't do that!
(The delicious aroma gets Daniel all excited.)
We should taste the other ones too. One more round.
All right, guys. Rock-paper-scissors!
- Rock-paper-scissors! - Rock-paper-scissors!
Rock-paper-scissors!
(Screaming)
(Rock–paper–scissors makes this 47-year-old man scream excitedly.)
(These guys are extremely disappointed.)
Gosh, there are only two pieces of that left.
- Okay. - I really want to win this time.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(They're so into it.)
Rock-paper-scissors.
(But Jae Hwan wins again.)
(Darn it.)
Thank you. Let me taste another flavor.
I can't tolerate anymore.
- Another flavor. - I can't.
I'm trying another flavor.
Please hang in there.
We should stick to the rule.
(Delicious and funny)
- As soon as we violate the rule, - Jae Hwan...
we'll be like animals.
Let's try again.
All right. Rock-paper-scissors.
(They're gradually falling for the game.)
(The losers are eliminated without mercy.)
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Go, Daniel.
(It's the cruel world of competition.)
You lose.
I'm telling you to lose.
Rock-paper-scissors.
(Jae Hwan wins again.)
(Screaming)
(He's writhing in the agony of his misfortune.)
What shall I eat now? There are three flavors, right?
- Gosh. - I'm so lucky.
That's one piece.
Is it a different flavor?
Let's play it again right now.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Once they start, they can't stop playing it.)
- Now I'm... - Oh, you won.
- in the final. - They're new faces.
The new faces made it to the final this time.
- I'll play rock. - Don't say such a thing.
- Don't. - I really will.
- Don't say that. - I will really play rock.
- Please. - I really will.
I will play rock.
Rock-paper-scissors.
(Daniel wins.)
(The two of them lose.)
The star of this night
is me, it's me
(I'm the one who will eat the chicken.)
What flavor are you going to eat?
I guess people are drawn to things most attractive.
This is funny.
(Taking a bite)
- Isn't it good? - Is it special?
(There is one person who watches everyone eat.)
There are only a few pieces left. There is only one piece.
- I said... - There is only a piece left.
I said I'd play rock, and how could you...
try to beat me?
You said you'd play rock,
but how could you change like that?
(The last piece of mustard flavor chicken is on the line.)
(The crucial match...)
(of the five guys)
(Let's go.)
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Seong Woo loses.)
For goodness' sake.
This is too harsh. Goodness.
(He feels angry and sad as well.)
Rock-paper-scissors.
(The final winner is Joong Wan.)
- Gosh. - He's finally eating.
He could have yielded to Seong Woo.
(Their friendship doesn't matter in front of the chicken.)
I'm so hungry.
- Let's eat together now. - Okay.
(They decide to eat it together now.)
I wanted to taste the rice cake too.
(Their hands get busy, )
(and they take a bite.)
- The rice cake is really good. - Eat up.
- Eat. - I'm done.
(Gosh)
(Seong Woo faces misfortune again.)
What did you do?
- Pick it up and eat it. - It's okay within three seconds.
It's okay to eat it.
(He picks it up and eats it within 3 seconds.)
Go ahead and eat the rest.
(It tastes fantastic.)
(They eat up all the chicken.)
I want to change.
- Let's change. - This is heavy.
- Let's change. - Let me
(Seong Woo goes behind the curtain.)
Change now
Seong Woo, do you know how sexy you look now?
(His thin ankles are seen under the curtain.)
They look like moving sticks.
Moving sticks?
(Dancing sticks)
Look at the hair on his legs.
I should put on my pajamas too.
(Jae Hwan also goes...)
(behind the curtain.)
Why aren't you wearing underwear?
- Where is your underwear? - What are you saying...
- Why aren't you wearing underwear? - Gosh.
(Screaming and laughing)
(He runs away as fast as he can.)
Why aren't you wearing underwear?
(Gosh. Now, I'm safe.)
(Coming out carefully)
(The fashionable member is wearing pajamas with colorful patterns.)
I'll grill the beef now.
- Okay. - Okay.
(Joong Wan is in charge of the beef today.)
(Checking the temperature)
(Sizzling)
(He seasons it with salt and pepper.)
(Flipping it over)
The beef smells so good.
(It's grilled to perfection.)
(He cuts the meat skillfully.)
(Stirring it...)
(and shaking the pan)
- Do you want to try it? - Yes.
(Steaming hot)
How is it?
It's so juicy.
(He is touched by his own food.)
This is so good.
(The beef is grilled by a meat lover.)
(Jae Hwan is in charge of cooking the pork belly.)
(Now, he is controlling a pan instead of a wok.)
(Let's grill pork belly meat.)
(He adds some sausages.)
(With a half tablespoon of concentration...)
(and one tablespoon of his sexy tongue, )
(Jae Hwan's pork belly is complete.)
Where should I cook it?
(Daniel is in charge of ramyeon.)
It's cooked.
(He usually cooks rice or noodles.)
- What is that? - Since we don't have green onions,
I'll add my secret ingredient, gochujang.
(He puts in gochujang...)
(and adds ramyeon later.)
(Stirring)
- Shall I add some cut sausages? - What?
Shall I add sausages?
As you wish.
(Daniel puts whatever he wants.)
(Daniel suddenly heads out.)
Gosh. It's cold.
(He came out in his short sleeves...)
(to take the green bottles he hid in the snow.)
I hope it'll be slightly frozen.
(You did a good job, Daniel.)
Goodness. It's so cold.
(Rushing in)
(The five men finish preparing for dinner.)
- It's good. - Isn't it?
- Kimchi disappeared. - Kimchi?
Yes. It disappeared.
Didn't someone take the kimchi out?
(I think we bought it in Mangwon Market.)
It could be in the car.
- Did you bring kimchi? - I'll go to the car to check.
Okay, Jeong Soo.
Now, nobody says, "No. I'll go instead."
(Embarrassed)
Don't go. Let's eat this together.
- You eat first. I'm okay. - The ramyeon is soggy.
I'm okay because I took an appetite suppressant.
- Come back quickly, Jeong Soo. - Okay.
(Jeong Soo goes out.)
- Goodness. - Gosh.
(Excited)
- Awesome. - It's my secret recipe.
You did a good job.
- You grilled it well. - Good job.
(Cockles and fruit salad from the market)
(Jae Hwan's pork belly meat and sausages)
(Joong Wan's beef)
- Is ramyeon good? - Eat it before it gets soggy.
(They each take some.)
It's perfect time to eat it now.
(Jae Han blows on it slowly before eating.)
(Seong Woo blows on it quickly...)
(and slurps it in.)
(Daniel doesn't blow on it but just slurps it.)
- It's good because we're together. - I agree.
(The four guys are busy eating.)
Why is kimchi not here yet?
Even if Jeong Soo doesn't come, we need the kimchi to come.
(In the meantime, Jeong Soo...)
(looks everywhere in the car.)
I can't find it.
(But he can't find kimchi.)
- Hey. - You're here, Jeong Soo.
Did we really buy kimchi?
- Yes. - You didn't find it?
I couldn't find it. This is my shirt.
- Really? - Yes.
(There is no kimchi?)
I can't believe it.
We bought it with the cockles.
With this one.
Did she forget to put the kimchi in?
I don't know what kind of kimchi she gave us.
Green onion kimchi was in the middle,
and white kimchi was on the left.
- You wanted the white one, right? - Yes.
(Daniel picked the white kimchi.)
Maybe she didn't actually put the kimchi in.
(Did she forget the kimchi?)
- Did she leave it out? - Where did that kimchi go?
We really don't have it.
(The kimchi is missing, which makes them puzzled.)
Maybe we can't find it because we made a mess here.
It must be somewhere.
(We'll buy them.)
(Jae Hwan grabbed the cockles and the rolled omelet.)
(And added the salad at the last moment.)
(They didn't actually buy kimchi.)
(It happened because of Jae Hwan, who is eating calmly, )
(and the rest of them, who remember the wrong story.)
(The end of Yoon Sherlock's Adventure, Missing Kimchi)
In fact, Joong Wan prepared both our meals today.
No, I didn't.
I can't forget the cheonggukjang yet.
It was great.
I thought he'd be a good cook, and he really turned out to be.
It looks like he can make good cheonggukjang.
(Laughing)
- Did you just attack me? - You're slightly upset, aren't you?
- I was thinking... - No way.
I mean you make people feel comfortable...
- and you're friendly. - He's pretending to be nice.
Do you want to fight?
Why do you want to fight?
(He suggests a game comfortably and friendly.)
What about wrestling on the snow?
How about we wrestle in our underwear?
Okay.
(Okay. I'm in.)
(He just laughed not knowing anything at all then.)
- Look at his bottom. - Gosh.
- What should he do? - It looks tight now.
(Seong Woo will be suffering.)
Goodness.
I can't believe it.
- No. - Let's play it.
No way.
(The next morning after they had a fun night)
(He won't wake up even at the alarm sound.)
(He finally recognizes the alarm sound and wakes up.)
(What time is it?)
(The alarm goes off again.)
(He turns it off and seems to wake up.)
(But he falls back asleep.)
(Aren't you going to wake up?)
(Jumping)
(Gureum jumps on him to wake him up.)
(Chan Sung can't resist Gureum and wakes up.)
Hi.
(Did I do a good job?)
Let's wake up.
(Chan Sung has to go to his musical practice.)
(Gureum is better than 10 alarm bells.)
(Chan Sung wakes Woo Young up.)
(Sorry, Woo Young.)
(He comes out so that Chan Sung can get ready comfortably.)
(I'll sleep some more.)
(Chan Sung is up early in the morning.)
(He brushes his hair a few times with his hands.)
(He shows off his looks and is ready to go.)
Bye. See you later.
- Go back to sleep. - Bye.
(He sees Chan Sung off while half asleep.)
(Chan Sung arrives at the practice room half asleep as well.)
Cheetah?
Where's Cheetah?
Cheetah.
(After sending Chan Sung off, he acts strangely out of boredom.)
(He must be very bored.)
It's strange.
Is that you, Cheetah?
- Where's Cheetah? - She's not here.
- I thought it was Cheetah's house. - She went outside.
Eun Young is home.
Goodbye.
(They start off their morning with laughter.)
All right. I'll take out some snacks to win their favor.
(He takes out the ultimate weapon.)
(He succeeds to attract Gureum easily.)
It looks delicious, right?
Come over here.
(He captures Buri's attention successfully as well.)
It looks good, right?
(Cheetah is up instead of Eun Young.)
Here.
(He enjoys a good time with Gureum and Buri.)
Why aren't they out? It's strange.
It's about time they come out too.
(Their heads turn towards Cheetah.)
Well, Eun Young...
Gosh, why? Don't go.
Because this one is more delicious.
(Disappointed)
See? He's out.
(Tarang, who is hard to get close to, comes out too.)
(Tarang passes Woo Young without giving him a glance.)
- Tarang. - Tarang, come here.
(He tries to draw their attention by showing snacks before their eyes.)
(Tarang makes it clear what he likes and dislikes.)
We can give them snacks together.
- Tanyang's out. - Hi.
They don't rest.
Goodness, don't eat the wrapper.
Tanyang's eating fast.
There you go.
Can't we eat something too?
How about we eat pollock hangover soup?
- Gosh. - What do you think?
I like the idea.
Let's eat pollock hangover soup.
Let's heat this pollock hangover soup...
and microwave the fried rice from yesterday.
- Sounds good. - What do you think?
- You like the idea? - I love it.
It's a good plan.
- Okay. - You must be a genius.
(Woo Young is in charge of rice.)
(Cheetah is in charge of soup.)
- Thank you for the meal. - Thank you for the meal.
It's good.
(Slurping)
I didn't think you would have hangover soup at home.
(She eats her breakfast with her hair messed up.)
If we go to a mud flat,
we can catch some octopuses there. It will be fun.
(Cheetah's condition was to have a date in Eurwangni.)
(Eurwangni is a mud flat, not sand beach.)
We can catch some octopuses there. It will be fun.
There are octopuses in mud flats?
You mean, small octopuses?
- Right. - Small octopuses live in mud.
You know well.
They say there are holes.
- You can find where they... - They're their breath holes.
You know well.
(He fails to be a know-it-all.)
(He drinks up his hangover soup out of embarrassment.)
You finished it all.
It's delicious, right?
(It was the perfect menu.)
Let's go to Eurwangni.
Let's get ready.
(He prepares for a date with a reverent heart.)
(She transforms from the innocent Eun Young...)
(to the charismatic Cheetah.)
I'm done.
(The doorbell rings.)
(Who is it?)
- Hello. - Well, hi.
Didn't you say you couldn't make it?
You're here.
(He's tired and hungry, but he has to go to Eurwangni.)
Is this real?
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(They set off first.)
What are we going to do there?
How about we go into the mud?
You want to go in there?
Let's catch some small octopuses.
Let's do it.
- Let's do it. - Stir-fried small octopuses.
I've never been to a mud flat before.
Let's go in for her sake then.
If that's what she wants.
- Let's live freely. - Let's do it.
(Let's go.)
Did you guys eat something?
Oh, you didn't?
Did you have breakfast?
You didn't?
I ate a sandwich.
You ate something delicious.
Well, we...
Are you hungry?
- I am. - Really?
I ate breakfast,
- but I feel like I didn't. - You're hungry, right?
Yes.
- Well... - I know you're lying.
- No, we're telling you the truth. - I'm suddenly getting a headache.
- It's raining. - What?
- Check the weather forecast. - Hold on.
How is it?
It has 70 percent of rainfall probability.
We might go there and have a drink with stir-fried small octopuses.
(They might go in a restaurant instead of the mud.)
No...
But I like stir-fried small octopuses.
I crave spicy food.
- Right? - Something spicy.
Spicy food?
- Is that right? - Spicy food?
- Should I search for a restaurant? - Good.
Please do.
(They drive for quite some time...)
(while looking up good restaurants in the area.)
What a nice view.
(The sky is clear unlike the forecast.)
We need to do this at times like this.
(They're in a good mood, )
(so they open the window.)
Gosh, it's cold.
(Wait a second.)
Yes!
(The neighborhood fool suddenly appears once again.)
Goodness, you surprised me.
(Screaming)
(He's used to this.)
(With the excited neighborhood fool, )
(they continue driving to their destination.)
- We're here. - We arrived.
I guess these are quad bikes.
- Hello. - Hello.
We want to try riding those quad bikes.
- You have your licenses, right? - Yes.
Yes.
(He gets on the bike first.)
Like this?
It looks fun.
Where will you sit?
Whose bike are you going to ride?
Gosh, it feels like a competition this way.
Cheetah, I always...
Yes?
I've always waited for something like this.
(What's wrong with him?)
I'm going to ride his bike.
(She doesn't hesitate and chooses Chan Sung.)
I've always wanted to have a girl sit behind me.
(His strategy has caused an adverse effect.)
It's too late.
(Disappointed)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
(Screaming)
You have to hold on tightly.
No, well...
No, well... I'm just telling you to be careful.
Let's go.
(They head to the beach excitedly.)
(He's still excited even though he's alone.)
Here's the mud flat.
- It's the mud flat. - The mud flat.
Right.
(The mud flat is right in front of them.)
Wait for me, small octopuses.
Let's stir-fry small octopuses.
Wait for me, clams.
Come on, small octopuses.
(Both of them, come on.)
It's great.
Careful.
It's like off-road driving.
(The mud flat shines before them.)
(They run towards it...)
(without a hitch.)
- Eurwangni. - Eurwangni!
(They're excited.)
(Laughing)
(Spitting)
Sand keeps coming in my mouth.
(I'm still excited.)
It's Eurwangni!
(Let's get it.)
(They're fully enjoying the speed.)
(Shouting)
(They have fun, running against the sea breeze.)
Come here.
Let's go together.
- Let's go. - Yes!
Let's go.
(They enjoy freedom away from their daily lives.)
(Feeling sad)
(They can't get out of the excitement easily.)
Gosh, it's awesome.
I want to drive it so much.
I'm going to get a driving license for certain.
You'll love it.
- Shall we take a picture together? - Picture?
- Like this. - I want to ride this some more.
- Good. - 1, 2, 3.
(Jumping)
(Get your driving license beforehand.)
(The neighborhood fool never disappoints you.)
(Nothing matters as long as I look good in the picture.)
- Let's go now. - Be careful.
(It's not easy from the start.)
Gosh.
Is it hard?
My feet feel wet.
It feels like going into a shower booth...
with socks on my feet.
It feels like stepping on poop.
(They feel exactly the same.)
There are a lot of stuff under my feet.
- They're... - What are those?
I want to wear rubber boots.
- I'll make boots for you with this. - Don't! Don't do that!
Gosh, seriously!
That's what they look like.
Gosh, I really don't like how this feels.
You're rapping.
I'm telling you. She'll write a rap with the word "mud" in three months.
Let's give it a shot, guys.
- Okay. - I think we found the right spot.
Do clams disappear quickly?
Maybe in the sea, but probably not here.
I'm already tired.
- I don't see anything. - You were energetic when we drank.
Eun Young, try sitting like this. This posture is pretty comfortable.
You'll have to give up your bottom though.
(Give up your bottom for clams.)
Right here.
(They endure the uncomfortable posture and keep digging, )
(but they don't see any clams.)
I don't think there are any here.
There are. I found one.
- What did you find? - A clam.
We have to fill this up.
This is edible, right? I'll put this in.
Oh, I caught another one.
- My gosh! - Hey, that one is really big.
Hey, come here. You're like my war souvenir.
- Chan Sung. - Yes?
- What is it? - My gosh!
Are you serious?
Hey, is this... Is it even real?
Hey, hang on. Open it up. It's probably dead or something.
No, it's staying closed like that because it's alive.
- It's heavy. - I told you.
Why did you smell it?
Well, I thought it might make it open up on its own.
- This is weird. - Oh, I think I caught one.
(Chan Sung caught his first clam!)
- Yes! Nice! - Nice!
I caught another one too.
Oh, yes. Come on.
- Okay. - I should just pick up garbage.
- That thing... - Oh, my.
Gosh, this is so big.
Hey, why are you...
Hey, will I not get to eat any if I catch none?
- Will you guys eat... - I'm sure that's not the case.
Right? You guys will share them with me, right?
We're not petty.
You caught so many too.
I've definitely gotten the hang of it.
The little bit of slump... What's wrong? What happened?
Look at this. It's dangling.
It just spread out its legs.
- I was catching so many... - Hey, look.
It's... Do you know what it's trying to do now?
It's doing this.
(She imitates the crab.)
It's trying to make itself look bigger.
- Okay. I'll let you go, then. - Okay.
- It looks like the Transformer. - Yes.
Like this. It goes like this. That sounded like "chicken".
Gosh, this piece of garbage. Please don't litter.
(This piece of garbage. Please don't litter.)
- Were you talking about me? - What?
Weren't you talking about my lame joke?
Oh, that piece of garbage. What a coincidence.
- I thought she called you garbage. - Exactly, me too.
I'll collect garbage. I'll think that I'm here to do volunteer work.
Woo Young, you can catch them by just scraping the mud.
My gosh, another one.
- Catch clams already. - Yes, sir.
I can't do it.
I don't feel confident at all.
Just scape the mud, and they'll come out like this.
My gosh.
That sounded like a straight-A student telling me how to study.
You'll find them like this.
I caught another one.
Yes, it's here. I caught it.
Gosh, I caught a big one.
I caught a bigger one.
Gosh, why are you guys so good at this?
- Just scrape the mud. - Give it a shot.
- Oh, I found one. - Where?
- It's huge! - I told you so!
Scrape, scrape away. Let's do this.
- This really works. - I know, right?
I found a big one. I'm doing so well.
- Isn't this huge? - That's really big.
I know, right?
Cheetah, let's go now.
We caught so many.
(Woo Young doesn't want to go yet.)
Come on, let's go.
(Get a taste of this mud.)
Hey, do it to her.
(Mud delivered)
Don't. Gosh!
(And he got it all back.)
- Are you really going to do this? - No, no.
No! Don't!
Fire!
(She finally got caught.)
Got you!
- Woo Young, are you ready? - I'll teach you a lesson.
- Are you ready? - Let go of me! Don't!
(Screaming)
Have you lost your mind? Don't do this!
- Will you behave yourself or not? - I will.
Hey, come over here. Let's go near the water.
We can't throw her too far. Let's just drop her here.
- 1. - 2.
- It'll hurt. - I think it'll hurt.
- Yes, it will. - Let's do it over there. Come here.
(He drags her.)
(She's sledding on the mud flat.)
Hey, get back here.
The water here is nice.
(Woo Young has become the target.)
Wait, I caught a clam.
(Woo Young rebels.)
(Exhausted)
Let's play rock-paper-scissors. The loser will have to...
lie on the mud.
Not face down.
- The loser? - Flop down like this.
- Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors! - Rock-paper-scissors!
(Woo Young won.)
I won because I did all the dishes!
(These two are depressed.)
Now, you two should do it again. Come on.
- Okay, all right. - I washed all the dishes.
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors!
(Chan Sung is the loser.)
I told you that we should do it together.
- Try it. - I can't.
Do it.
No, you have to do it yourself.
Why do I have to?
- Because you lost. - All right.
(Chan Sung grabs him.)
(He tries to get out, but he can't.)
Well, you... You lost.
Cheetah, you're not going to help me?
Come on. Help me.
(Chan Sung knocks him out.)
(Woo Young ended up serving the penalty.)
(He runs on all fours.)
(You're witnessing what such a penalty can do to an idol singer.)
(Chan Sung is scared.)
Hey, you're scaring me!
(Woo Young is exhausted.)
Hey, that was so scary.
Gosh, I felt as if I was watching a horror movie.
Hey, wait. Hang on.
(Falling)
(After knocking Cheetah down, )
(he finally gets his revenge.)
But I'm serious. Look at this.
Stop it already. No more clams!
Enough!
It's gigantic!
We can buy them over there!
We just washed up, and the sun has already set.
I know, right?
- I had so much fun. - Me too.
- Seriously. - It was awesome.
I learned how fun impromptu trips can be.
We got fixated on Eurwangni and just left.
Eurwangni is awesome.
- Eurwangni. - Eurwangni.
What is that?
- What... - Hold on.
(It's a huge pot of braised seafood!)
(He's choking.)
We didn't catch these things.
- What you caught is underneath. - Oh, I see.
Thank you.
I should take a picture of it.
They're alive.
No, they're not...
- Look, they're alive. - They're still alive.
My gosh, this is...
Amazing. This is incredible.
- Eat up. - I'll definitely enjoy this.
Thank you for the food. I hope you guys enjoy it too.
(Eating)
(Enjoying)
Oh, this clam...
This is like a work of art.
- It really is. - It's amazing.
(He bit his tongue.)
This is delicious.
- We caught those. - Yes, our clams.
- We caught them. - Do you know what they're called?
- No. - Sanghap.
- Sanghap? - Yes.
- It's the most expensive clam. - Oh, really?
- The big one, right? - Yes.
- Sangam? - Sanghap.
- Sanghap. - Sanghap?
Sangam is the name of...
- Sangam-dong? - Sangam is... Yes.
- The World Cup Stadium. - You should each take one.
Here's the lobster.
- The lobster is here. - Right, we ordered that too.
- What? - Oh, my.
Wow, that one is... Right?
- Shall I bring another table? - We probably should.
- I'll hold this. - My gosh.
Hold that. I'm going to eat a piece.
- It has to be cut. - You have to cut it.
Just wait a bit.
(I want to eat it now.)
Honestly, there's so much food. There are too many things to eat.
It looks delicious.
Let's not think about anything else and just focus on eating now.
(Savoring the small octopus)
(Without saying a word, )
(they keep inhaling the food.)
(Scratching her head)
- It's so good. - I know.
(One for you)
(And one for me)
Gosh, this is so nice.
(Happy)
(They met as a landlord...)
(and housemates...)
(and became good friends.)
(Their friendship deepens as the night progresses.)
Eun Young is...
I've learned that she's a very cheerful person.
I feel like we're really friends now.
We paid rent...
and stayed at her place for a couple of days,
but she makes me feel as comfortable as Chan Sung does.
I think the three of us can become best friends.
I thought, "Can living with someone be this fun?"
It was such a healing experience. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
They're like brothers and friends to me.
They definitely enlivened my mundane life.
Spending time with them was like an amazing gift.
Thank you so much for the experience.
Thank you!
(A small village covered in snow)
(We hear someone's voice from afar.)
(What are you saying?)
(Sang Ryeol does not understand romance.)
(Speechless)
(The 70 Trio in Sapporo)
(The beginning of their happy journey)
(The 5 men's table tennis battle)
(Kim Jae Hwan wants to win.)
(Ong Seong Woo is bad at table tennis.)
(Daniel is...)
(He's just happy-go-lucky.)
(Let's do it topless.)
(Come again?)
(They actually do it.)
(Will we have to do that too?)
(Gyeong Gyu and Sung Kyu go to Sung Kyu's hometown, Jeonju.)
(Sung Kyu Tour won't let you down!)
(Jeonju is famous for its local food.)
(Proud and impressed)
(Their trip down the memory lane)
(Next Friday at 9:50pm)
("Quit" by Jang Woo Young)